PR for SRVLOGIC-300, SRVLOGIC-190, SRVLOGIC-188, SRVLOGIC-192: Document "Serverless Logic" parent directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#76490)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless-logic/serverless-logic-managing-services/serverless-logic-configuring-openAPI-services-endpoints.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="serverless-logic-configuring-openAPI-services-endpoint"]
= Configuring OpenAPI services endpoints
:context: serverless-logic-configuring-openAPI-services-endpoints
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> {ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the `kogito.sw.operationIdStrategy` property to generate the REST client for invoking services defined in OpenAPI documents. This property determines how the configuration key is derived for the REST client configuration.

Reviewer: Everything from here to line 98 seems like it should be in a REFERENCE module rather than an assembly. 

Consider writing an introductory statement under the `toc::[]` and moving the rest of this to a new assembly module describing the function of the openAPI services endpoints.

> The `kogito.sw.operationIdStrategy` property supports the following values:
> 
> * `FILE_NAME` This is the default value.
> * `FULL_URI`
> * `FUNCTION_NAME`
> * `SPEC_TITLE`

Reviewer: I'm confused why there's a bulleted list, and then expanded detail about all four items directly below this. 

Maybe try the following: 

```suggestion
The `kogito.sw.operationIdStrategy` property supports the following values: `FILE_NAME`, `FULL_URI`, `FUNCTION_NAME`, and `SPEC_TITLE`.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="serverless-logic-configuring-openAPI-services-endpoint_{context}"]
= Configuring OpenAPI services endpoints
:context: serverless-logic-configuring-openAPI-services-endpoints
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

{ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the `kogito.sw.operationIdStrategy` property to generate the REST client for invoking services defined in OpenAPI documents. This property determines how the configuration key is derived for REST client configuration. The possible values for `kogito.sw.operationIdStrategy` include `FILE_NAME`, `FULL_URI`, `FUNCTION_NAME`, and `SPEC_TITLE`.

> * `FILE_NAME` (Default)
> +
> 
> {ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the OpenAPI document file name to create the configuration key. The key is based on the file name, where special characters are replaced with underscores.
> +
> .Example configuration:
> [source,sh]
> ----
> quarkus.rest-client.stock_portfolio_svc_yaml.url=http://localhost:8282/
> ----
> +
> ** OpenAPI File Path: `src/main/resources/openapi/stock-portfolio-svc.yaml`
> ** Generated configuration Key: `stock_portfolio_svc_yaml`

Reviewer 2: I suggest using a [description list item](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) here:
```suggestion
`FILE_NAME`::{ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the OpenAPI document file name to create the configuration key. This value is the default. The key is based on the file name where special characters are replaced with underscores.
+
.Example configuration
[source,sh]
----
quarkus.rest-client.stock_portfolio_svc_yaml.url=http://localhost:8282/ # <1>
----
<1> The OpenAPI File Path `src/main/resources/openapi/stock-portfolio-svc.yaml`. The generated key that configures the URL for the REST client is `stock_portfolio_svc_yaml`.
```

** Property example: The URL for the REST client is configured using the key `stock_portfolio_svc_yaml`.

> * `FULL_URI`
> +
> {ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the entire URI path of the OpenAPI document as the configuration key. The full URI is sanitized to form the key.
> +
> .Example for Serverless Workflow
> [source,json]
> ----
> {
>     "id": "myworkflow",
>     "functions": [
>         {
>           "name": "myfunction",
>           "operation": "https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document"
>         }
>     ]
>     ...
> }
> ----
> +
> .Example configuration:
> [source,sh]
> ----
> quarkus.rest-client.apicatalog_apis_123_document.url=http://localhost:8282/
> ----
> +
> ** URI path: `https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document`
> ** Generated configuration key: `apicatalog_apis_123_document`

Reviewer 2: I suggest using a [description list item](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) here:
```suggestion
`FULL_URI`::{ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the complete URI path of the OpenAPI document as the configuration key. The full URI is sanitized to form the key.
+
.Example for the Serverless Workflow
[source,json]
----
{
    "id": "myworkflow",
    "functions": [
        {
          "name": "myfunction",
          "operation": "https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document"
        }
    ]
    ...
}
----
+
.Example configuration
[source,sh]
----
quarkus.rest-client.apicatalog_apis_123_document.url=http://localhost:8282/ # <1>
----
<1> The URI path is `https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document`. The generated key that configures the URL for the REST client is `apicatalog_apis_123_document`.
```

** Property example: The REST client URL is set using the key `apicatalog_apis_123_document`.

> * `FUNCTION_NAME`
> +
> {ServerlessLogicProductName} combines the workflow ID and the function name referencing the OpenAPI document to generate the configuration key.
> +
> .Example for Serverless Workflow
> [source,json]
> ----
> {
>     "id": "myworkflow",
>     "functions": [
>         {
>           "name": "myfunction",
>           "operation": "https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document"
>         }
>     ]
>     ...
> }
> ----
> +
> .Example configuration:
> [source,sh]
> ----
> quarkus.rest-client.myworkflow_myfunction.url=http://localhost:8282/
> ----
> +
> ** Workflow ID: `myworkflow`
> ** Function name: `myfunction`
> ** Generated configuration key: `myworkflow_myfunction`

Reviewer 2: I suggest using a [description list item](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) here:
```suggestion
`FUNCTION_NAME`::{ServerlessLogicProductName} combines the workflow ID and the function name referencing the OpenAPI document to generate the configuration key.
+
.Example for the Serverless Workflow
[source,json]
----
{
    "id": "myworkflow",
    "functions": [
        {
          "name": "myfunction",
          "operation": "https://my.remote.host/apicatalog/apis/123/document"
        }
    ]
    ...
}
----
+
.Example configuration:
[source,sh]
----
quarkus.rest-client.myworkflow_myfunction.url=http://localhost:8282/ # <1>
----
<1> The workflow ID is `myworkflow`. The function name is `myfunction`. The generated key that configures the URL for the REST client is `myworkflow_myfunction`.
```

** Property example: Use the key `myworkflow_myfunction` for setting the REST client URL.

> * `SPEC_TITLE`
> +
> {ServerlessLogicProductName} the info.title value from the OpenAPI document to create the configuration key. The title is sanitized to form the key.
> +
> .Example for OpenAPI document
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> openapi: 3.0.3
> info:
>   title: stock-service API
>   version: 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT
> paths:
>   /stock-price/{symbol}:
> ...
> ----
> +
> .Example configuration:
> [source,sh]
> ----
> quarkus.rest-client.stock-service_API.url=http://localhost:8282/
> ----
> +
> ** OpenAPI document title: `stock-service API`
> ** Generated configuration key: `stock-service_API`

Reviewer 2: I suggest using a [description list item](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/) here:
```suggestion
`SPEC_TITLE`::{ServerlessLogicProductName} uses the `info.title` value from the OpenAPI document to create the configuration key. The title is sanitized to form the key.
+
.Example for the OpenAPI document
[source,yaml]
----
openapi: 3.0.3
info:
  title: stock-service API
  version: 2.0.0-SNAPSHOT
paths:
  /stock-price/{symbol}:
# ...
----
+
.Example configuration
[source,sh]
----
quarkus.rest-client.stock-service_API.url=http://localhost:8282/ # <1>
----
<1> The OpenAPI document title is `stock-service API`. The generated configuration key: `stock-service_API`.
```
